README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/brencon/word-forward.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/brencon/word-forward) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/brencon/word-forward/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/brencon/word-forward?branch=master)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/word-forward.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/word-forward/)

# word-forward
JavaScript random English word and text generation

## Overview
This module generates a random English word from a custom dictionary. Word selection can be filtered by word type, with an internal scoring system determining the more common usages of the word. This logic hopes to produce more realistic outcomes while providing elements of randomness to assist with content generation.

## Installation

### npm
`npm install word-forward -S`

### bower
`bower install word-forward -S`

## Tests
`grunt` - run all dev modules

`npm test` - run mocha tests

`npm run cover` - run istanbul code coverage

## Code Coverage
Code coverage is maintained using [Istanbul](http://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/) with [Coveralls](https://coveralls.io) reporting.

## Continuous Integration
Continuous integration provided by [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org).

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal style guide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code.

## Community
Updates and discussions about this module can be found [@symBrendan on Twitter](https://twitter.com/symBrendan).

## Versioning
For transparency into a common release cycle to strive toward maintaining backward compatibility, word-forward is maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).

## Creator

**Brendan Conrad**

- <https://twitter.com/symBrendan>

## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

Commit message:

updated README with versioning instructions

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/brencon/word-forward.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/brencon/word-forward) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/brencon/word-forward/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/brencon/word-forward?branch=master)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/word-forward.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/word-forward/)

# word-forward
JavaScript random English word and text generation

## Overview
This module generates a random English word from a custom dictionary. Word selection can be filtered by word type, with an internal scoring system determining the more common usages of the word. This logic hopes to produce more realistic outcomes while providing elements of randomness to assist with content generation.

## Installation

### npm
`npm install word-forward -S`

### bower
`bower install word-forward -S`

## Tests
`grunt` - run all dev modules

`npm test` - run mocha tests

`npm run cover` - run istanbul code coverage

## Code Coverage
Code coverage is maintained using [Istanbul](http://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/) with [Coveralls](https://coveralls.io) reporting.

## Continuous Integration
Continuous integration provided by [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org).

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal style guide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code.

## Community
Updates and discussions about this module can be found [@symBrendan on Twitter](https://twitter.com/symBrendan).

## Versioning
For transparency into a common release cycle to strive toward maintaining backward compatibility, word-forward is maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).

### Creating a New Version
The following commands will create a new version of the module, automatically create a new tag with the same value as the version, push the tags to the remote, and, finally, push the code to the remote.

`npm version patch`

`git push tags`

`git push`

`npm publish`


## Creator

**Brendan Conrad**

- <https://twitter.com/symBrendan>

## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.
